# KardiaMobile 6L ECG: convert PDF to EDF

KardioMobile 6L is a 6-Lead electrocardiogram (ECG/EKG) handheld device by AliveCor that records heart signals.

The KardioMobile 6L device and corresponding Kardia mobile app have a default export to Portable Document Format (PDF) but not to European Data Format (EDF).

This repository provides a program to convert a KardioMobile 6L ECG from PDF into EDF.

- The program is a draft, a work in progress, for interoperability research purposes.

- The program is NOT for use in any production system, and NOT suitable for medical use.

This repository provides before-and-after data files:

- [kardiamobile-6l-ecg.pdf](kardiamobile-6l-ecg.pdf) example data file in PDF.

- [kardiamobile-6l-ecg.edf](kardiamobile-6l-ecg.pdf) example data file in EDF.

About the PDF file:

- The PDF file contains a 6-lead ECG (I, II, III, aVR, aVL, aVF).

- The PDF file ECG trace is on page 2-6 as vector graphics.

Processing steps:

1. Extract the vector path data from the PDF file.

2. Convert the vector path data into voltage/time series.

3. Save the voltage/time series as an EDF file.

The example data files are my real patient health information.

- I'm sharing this with the public for research purposes.

Notes:

- Use this work at your own risk.

- The work is generated by Claude Code AI.

- Constructive feedback welcome.

These repositories are all related work:

- [kardiamobile-personal-health-information](https://github.com/joelparkerhenderson/kardiamobile-personal-health-information)

- [kardiamobile-1l-ecg-convert-pdf-to-edf-python](https://github.com/joelparkerhenderson/kardiamobile-1l-ecg-convert-pdf-to-edf-python)

- [kardiamobile-1l-ecg-convert-pdf-to-edf-rust-crate](https://github.com/joelparkerhenderson/kardiamobile-1l-ecg-convert-pdf-to-edf-rust-crate)

- [kardiamobile-6l-ecg-convert-pdf-to-edf-python](https://github.com/joelparkerhenderson/kardiamobile-1l-ecg-convert-pdf-to-edf-python)

- [kardiamobile-6l-ecg-convert-pdf-to-edf-rust-crate](https://github.com/joelparkerhenderson/kardiamobile-6l-ecg-convert-pdf-to-edf-rust-crate)

Disclaimers:

- This work is independent for the purpose of interoperability with other programs.

- This work is not by the company AliveCor, makers of the Karida devices, apps, and services.

- AliveCor and Kardia are trademarks of AliveCor, Inc. in the United States and other countries.

Tracking:

- Package: kardiamobile-6l-ecg-convert-pdf-to-edf-rust-crate
- Version: 0.1.0
- Created: 2026-02-23T22:41:21Z
- Updated: 2026-02-23T22:41:21Z
- License: MIT or Apache-2.0 or GPL-2.0 or GPL-3.0 or contact us for more
- Contact: Joel Parker Henderson <joel@joelparkerhenderson.com>
